c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.dll.config
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.pdb
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.dll.config
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.pdb
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\taingw4\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureCloudService1\AzureCloudService1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
